[Music]
I hate the wet one it's so still
never been so nuts about a guy you wanna
cross your heart to die they could be
anywhere we could find them or we could
find them dead or we could die trying to
find them why do you wanna help a total
stranger I have some things to make up
for this is Morgan there anybody there
as I have a point what that was clean I
was trying so hard not to be that person
I almost became her I know who you
really are
I know what you're really capable of and
I can't see it it's still there it's
still there
you gotta fight for everyday I don't
know what to fight for well if we don't
believe things to get better and then we
can make them that way then we're no
different than the past
[Music]
yesterday's yesterday today's today
it is tough out here you should be
careful yeah oh so quiet
[Music]
it's also still
you